It will always be necessary to redo these commands whenever you
receive a new patch or tar file, to assure that any Makefile changes
are propogated to all of your files.

Basic Unix Installation Instructions for 5.0 beta:

   - Make sure everything is unpacked into the proper directories.
         Src should contain the C source code
         Include should contain all of the C header files
         Docs should contain what little documentation there is
         Auxil should contain any additional support programs
   - Copy the file Include/header.h.dist to Include/header.h
   - Edit the file Include/header.h
   - Copy the file Makefile.top to Makefile
   - Edit the file Makefile
   - Run 'make Makefiles' to configure all of the Makefiles
   - Run 'make build' to build all of the proper binaries
   - Run 'make install' to install the programs

Warning:  some older versions of make do not understand the string
replacement contstruct.  This takes the form of "${A:.c=.o}" and will
replace all of the file suffixes of '.c' with '.o'.  When this is not
available to the make program, it simply replaces it with a blank, and
causes major problems.  For now, I haven't thought of a way to avoid
this, but I hope to do so in a future beta release.  Just edit each of the
Makefiles by hand looking for the proper place to replace for any
such constructs.

Note to VMS users:  I have not yet gotten the procedure down
for building on VMS systems, since I do not have such a system
to work with.  [If any method, such as a DCL script, can be supplied
to me, I would greatly appreciate it]

Note to programmers:

If you wish to program code for this version of conquer you will
probably wish to make use of the prototype extracting program.  I
use this program to build the 'file*.h' include files.

These files are the prototypes for all of the functions within
conquer and as such, will probably have to be updated if you do
any programming for conquer.  I have a copy of the cextract program
available if you needed, just send me email.

adam bryant
adb@cs.bu.edu
