This directory contains all of the documentation for the conquer
multi-player Fantasy Wargame.  All of the documentation is written
using roff macros, and as such can be used to generate either online
or hardcopy versions of the documentation.

For those of you who wish to use the conquer roff macros elsewhere, or
are brave enough to wish to help create / update the documentation for
conquer itself, I will now list what all of the macros are, and how
they must be used.  [While the macros do work, they might be a bit
finicky if not used properly :-)]

Anyway, the list of roff macros is:

    .CH "string"    -- Assign the heading for the conquer
                       documentation.  This should be done at the
                       beginning of the separate documentation
                       sections.  Note that this will not show up in
                       the online documentation.

    .CS "string"    -- Set the section heading to be "string".  This
                       will be printed in italics for troff and will
                       be preceded by a '^L' in nroff.  [There should
                       be a balancing '.CE' or the text will not be
                       displayed]  This macro also assures that all of
                       the enclosed text is kept on a page of its own.

    .CE             -- End the section.  This will flush out the text
                       since the last '.CS' macro.  Nesting will
                       probably result in text being lost.

    .PP             -- Begin a normal text paragraph.  For nroff this
                       will assign the proper indentation.  For troff
                       this will cause the first line of the paragraph
                       to be indented a quarter inch.

    .IT             -- Indent the text within the next paragraph.  The
                       text will be indented and filled, with the
                       first line starting a little to the left of the
                       rest of the indented paragraph.  Space down one
                       line.

    .NT             -- Just like the .IT macro, except that it will not
                       space down one line.  This is useful to
                       position multiple indented titles one below
                       another.

    .ST             -- Just like the .IT macro, except that there is
                       no temporary indentation on the first line.
                       This is useful for continuing an indented
                       description in a new paragraph.

    .TT             -- Just like the .ST macro, except there will be
                       no space added.  This is useful for providing
                       an item description when the item identifier
                       was listed on a prior line.

    .UT             -- Unindent the text.  This command should be
                       placed at the end of a consecutive string of
                       paragraphs delimited by the '.IT' macro.  There
                       need be only one .UT for several .IT macro
                       invocations, but without any, it will likely
                       not set the following text properly.

    .SB             -- This macro along with '.SE' will section off
                       text which is supposed to appear exactly as it
                       is on the screen.  [Avoid tabs unless you know
                       what you are doing.]  Such text will be printed
                       using courier font for the troff version, so
                       that the spacing will remain proper.

    .SE             -- End the "screen" display.  This should be used
                       to properly end such sections of text.  Nesting
                       such macros will probably result in garbled
                       text.

    .TB             -- This macro is exactly like the .SB macro,
                       except that the verticle spacing is not quite
                       as tight.  It should be used for tables, where
                       columns will need to be aligned.

    .TE             -- End the "table" display.  This should be used
                       to properly end such sections of text.  Nesting
                       such macros will probably result in garbled
                       text.

    .RF             -- Macro to provide a reference to other sections
                       of documentation.  The first argument is the
                       short name for the referenced section and the
                       second argument is the long name.

Note: if you notice that any text is missing, especially near the
bottom of the docs, check to make sure that there is a '.CE' ending
the last section of text, and that there is a newline after it.

adam bryant
adb@cs.bu.edu
